.\" Copyright (c) 2014, Antonio Cao (@burzumishi) <antoniocao000@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
.\" Boston, MA  02111-1301  USA.
.TH GENETIC 1
.SH NAME
xsmaug \- Genuine Package Manager

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xsmaug --option1 --option2 'args' ... --command|-c 'file'

.SH DESCRIPTION
Genetic is a package manager for Genuine GNU/Linux, it will help you on manage Genuine System packages.

.SH COMMANDS:

.TP
.B	[-h] --help
.br

.TP
.B	[-v] --version
.br

.SH OPTIONS:

.TP
	     --admindir
	     --color
	     --verbose
	     --force
.br

.SH Source Development Commands:

.TP
.B	[-s] --source     'source.tar.<gz|bz2|xz>'
	     --autotools
	     --prefix     'directory'
	     --configure  '--with --enable'
	     --packages   'package1 package2'
.br

.TP
.B	[-b] --build      'SrcInfo'
	     --autotools
	     --disable-gen-source
.br

.SH Package Management Commands:

.TP
.B	[-i] --install    'package-version.<arch|dev|dbg|src>.gen'
.br

.TP
.B	[-u] --uninstall  'package.<dbg|dev>'
.br

.TP
.B	[-U] --unpack     'package-version.<arch|dev|dbg|src>.gen'
	     --unpackdir  'directory'
.br

.SH BUGS:

The bug tracker can be reached by visiting the website
\fIhttps://github.com/genuine-linux/xsmaug/issues\fR

Before sending a bug report, please verify that you have the latest
version of xsmaug. Many bugs (major and minor) are fixed at each
release, and if yours is out of date, the problem may already have
been solved.

.SH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

For further information, visit the website
\fIhttps://github.com/smaugmuds/xsmaug\fR
